okay so we just set up this uh modele e
DD 403 electric drum set this is
actually by far the least expensive
electronic fool electronic drum set I've
actually come across so I went ahead and
just ordered one just to check it out
and so far I'm really diggin it for the
price if you're interested in buying it
check out the links that I have
associated with this video and you can
pick it up super inexpensive I really
don't see much of a difference between
this and what I've seen a lease is put
out and ddrum put out or even Roland put
out on some of their lesser models so I
think for the money you got a great deal
here you got a bass drum hi-hat the
snare and the three thongs right cymbal
crash cymbal and the hi-hat they give
you ten different preset sounds this
one's just my favorite one because it's
more like a real drum set the frame is
actually pretty much exactly the same as
any other major brand like Yamaha or
roland or Lisa so I think you're getting
pretty much the same thing for a lot
less money so I'm going to play a little
bit on it show you this actually a
bonafide real drum set here
the one thing that I noticed that is
probably more different than any other
issue with other similar kids is the
pedal actually doesn't have a it's not a
bass drum pedal that hits a pad with a
beater it's actually just the same
switch that you have for the hi-hat but
I actually kind of dig that it doesn't
really feel any different I still feel
like I'm hitting something and the part
that I dig about it is when you have
those pads and you're hitting it
constantly with a beater it can
sometimes mess the trigger up over time
a trigger will wear out on it or the pad
will wear out so here you won't have any
wear which i think is great
and the fact that it's not a bass drum
pedal with the beat or hitting a pad
isn't affecting it all the way that I'm
playing that's pretty cool